schedule data (#960)
holochain/holochain: crates/hdk/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased](https://github.com/holochain/holochain/compare/hdk-v0.0.100...HEAD)

### Changed

> - hdk: `scheduled` fn signature updated to a string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- hdk: `schedule` function now takes a String giving a function name to schedule, rather than a Duration
```
